He shouldn't be the murderer of my parents.
But he has the same tattoo
It must have something to do with the real murderer.
Mr. Shen, I just got the news
Tonight
Wu Yong, the young master of 50 Group, shot to the Hongmen Banquet
Attempt to harm the lady
This woman again
If you dare to touch me, I will kill you
Buy me the Royal Residence.
Come on, master, sit here.
I've heard about all these collaborations since you came.
Thank you Mr. Wu
Don't thank me
If you really want to thank me
Just drink this glass of wine
I'm sorry
Mr. Wu, I really don't know how to do this.
Zhiwei
Boss Wu is helping you today.
You have to drink this wine anyway.
And this is a 2 million project
Yeah, long time no see
Just drink it without worry
I'm here
I'll take you home in a minute.